1) Scan Infrastructure as Code Templates Pre-deployment
There are numerous tools on the market for performing this type of scanning for AWS
and your choice of product may depend on your choice of Infrastucture as Code platform,
such as CloudFormation or Terraform.  For this, I'm going to select Checkov (https://www.checkov.io/)
as it supports a variety of IaC platforms.  Scanning at this stage of the pipeline is
looking for misconfigured infrastructure components, such S3 buckets that do not have some 
level of default encryption at rest enabled, EC2 instance security groups do not have 
SSH available to a broad number of users, and DynamoDB has backups enabled.  All these things
are evident from the IaC code before the infrastructure is created in AWS.  Checkov has a 
nice feature that you can also create custom policies so your organization can enforce its
standards using the same process.

2) AMI/Container Vulnerability Scanning
AMIN/Container scanning is to check base container images prior to deployment for vulnerabilities
and compliance checks.  One product in this space is SysDig (https://sysdig.com/products/secure/)
which provides a suite of products for scanning container images.  The types of vulnerabilites 
that you are looking for in this stage are CVE indexed vulnerabilities like:
CVE-2019-20367: nlist.c in libbsd before 0.10.0 has an out-of-bounds read during a comparison for a symbol name from the string table (strtab).
The general solution for this type of vulnerability is update the image or the packages on
the image to the latest version.

3) AWS Environment Scanning
Again, there are many tools that perform activities in this domain and an organizations
ultimate decision may be to use several tools that focus on different areas of security
inside the operating environment, whether its ongoing scanning of security configurations 
(remember things change/drift after deployment from IaC scripts), user auditing, or spend 
management.  AWS also provides native tooling in this space, some of which were covered in
this course such as AWS Inspector.  To highlight on 3rd party tool, Qualys (https://www.qualys.com/), provides a 
fairly comprehensive set of features which will monitor for a wide range of vulnerabilites
in the operating environment, such as unpatched EC2 instances and intrusion monitoring.
Qualys could be viable choice to cover the 2nd question as well.  Note, for this type of 
vulnerability scanning, it should be operating continously and not just as part of a CI/CD 
pipeline.
